and street magician the illusionist
handed a cup of steaming hot coffee to a
man living on the street
the latter was all too happy to get a
hot drink blaine waited until the man
took a sip and made sure the coffee was
real then the magician took the cup away
and held it in his hands as he started
slightly shaking the cup all the nearby
witnesses saw that coffee disappear and
turn into coins there's no need to say
that the homeless man was not only
shocked by the trick but also thankful
for the generosity now if you want to
try this one you're gonna need two
disposable coffee cups a sponge some
scissors and a handful of coins start by
cutting one of the coffee cups in half
and set it aside cut a small hole in the
bottom of the larger cup the hole should
be just big enough for your finger to
fit through put the sponge on the bottom
of the larger cup so that it covers the
hole now fill the smaller cup with coins
and put it into the larger one finally
fill it up to the top with coffee so
that the coins are well hidden when
you're performing this trick pretend to
be supporting the cup from below so that
you can slip your finger into the hole
start to slowly push the smaller cup up
this will force the copy to seep into
the gap between the two cups and the
sponge at the bottom of the larger cup
will absorb it voila your coffee has
turned into coins Wow if you did that
using a latte with chocolate
that would be hocus-pocus with mochas
bending a spoon how about if we kick it
old-school with this classic you're
about to learn how to bend a spoon and
they get it back into its original shape
in a matter of seconds here we go the
trick here is that you don't actually
bend the spoon that's because there is
no spoon just kidding there actually is
a spoon but if you got that reference
comment down below anyway you just have
to pretend that you're bending it cut
the handle of the spoon in your hands
but let the head of the spoon remain
visible tilt your hands forward while
letting the handle of the spoon secretly
slide down your palm to make it look
more believable use a silver coin to
imitate the end of the handle sticking
out of your cupped hands just hide it in
your fist till the right moment in the
end it'll look like the spoon is
actually bending right in front of your
audience's eyes then use your acting
skills again and pretend you're working
hard to unbend this bone tada
cool huh catching a bullet with your
teeth this trick definitely isn't for
amateurs it takes a lot of practice to
nail it and several magicians have even
died trying to perform it correctly but
as soon as you grasp the concept
there's nothing simpler and safer the
trick goes like this the lovely
assistant shoots at the magician with a
loaded gun
the magician gets the crowd going and
pretends to be shot
he then magically spits the bullet out
of his mouth this all seems impressively
realistic again if you don't know the
secret but what happens is that while
the magician is loading the bullet into
the gun he uses a ramrod fixed with a
magnet on its tip so instead of pushing
the bullet inside he pulls it out and
hides it in his hand after that when
he's already in position
his assistant distracts the public for a
bit this way the magician can quickly
put the bullet in his mouth
all the risk comes down to good acting a
moving piece of cloth this trick
includes a piece of cloth that moves as
if there's a creature hiding underneath
it
the audience is expected to believe that
it's a ghost summoned by a magician
while he moves his hands above the cloth
how it's done
the magician uses a colorful kerchief
that hides a piece of thin wire in one
of its selvages one end of the wire is
bent a bit and by pressing it the
magician makes the wire rise that's how
the illusion of the moving cloth is
created and the colorful pattern of the
kerchief helps to distract the
audience's attention from the details
pulling a rabbit out of a hat to perform
this trick you'll need a rabbit a table
cloth covered table a piece of cloth and
a top hat take a square piece of thick
black cloth and tie all of its four
corners together loosely place a rabbit
inside this improvised sack hang the
sack on a hook located on the side of
the table that will be facing you during
the performance arrange the tablecloth
in such a way as to prevent the audience
from seeing the sack in the beginning
show the top hat to your audience to
demonstrate that there's nothing inside
next put the Hat on the table with the
Hat opening facing the table surface
using inconspicuous movements lift the
height quickly by the brim and put the
sack underneath to have now make some
movements showing that you're conjuring
something up remove the hat from the
table and reveal the rabbit to the
audience in season eight of Britain's
Got Talent the audience was both shocked
and amazed by Canadian illusionist Darcy
oak who performs several magic tricks
with doves in one of them the magician
makes a pigeon appear from a bird
feather
but how did he do it easy the feather
that Darcy showed the audience before
lighting it up is actually a piece of
special paper known as flash paper it is
commonly used by magicians when they
wish to create large flashes of fire in
order to hide brisk moments of illusion
from the audience and that's exactly
what Darcy did using the fire he quickly
got the pigeon from a secret pocket in
his sleeve and that's how the magic of
this trick is born you can probably tell
by the name but this trick creates an
illusion that a magician swallows an
entire balloon although it's pretty
simple to perform if you've spent enough
time practicing the audience gets
shocked into silence the main secret the
illusionist hides is that there are
several tiny holes at one end of a long
balloon as soon as the performer puts
the other end in their mouth they press
it with their tongue to make the balloon
deflate the only tricky thing here is to
be fast enough so that the balloon
doesn't deflate too soon that would be
pretty embarrassing for the magician
right yes that would be a tough one to
swallow I'm sorry I just can't help
myself
turning water into ice how can you turn
water into ice without using a freezer
well you can't no no it's easy peasy
lemon squeezy as long as you have a
glass and a paper cup water pours out of
the glass and comes back from the paper
cup as eyes well the secret weapon of
this magic trick is a sponge you put it
in the paper cup along with some ice
cubes and it has to be a paper or
plastic cup not a clear one like the
glass your audience obviously shouldn't
see that sponge sitting at the bottom of
the cup then your ruse will be exposed
and you don't want to expose your ruse
to just anyone the sponge will absorb
all the water so once you turn over the
cup only the ice will come out
boom you're now a wizard
[Music]
now most of you have probably seen
street performers who seem to be
magically floating in the air while
seated okay maybe not magically but
still it looks awesome and really makes
you wonder how the performers managed to
do this if you're one of these curious
onlookers get ready for the big secret
to be unveiled it's incredibly simple it
doesn't require any effort on the
performers part on the ground beneath
them you might not have noticed there's
always a rug or a piece of carpet well
that's actually hiding a metal platform
with a steel rod sticking up from one of
its corners that rod then connects with
another metal plate that the performer
sits on all this framework is well
hidden under the illusionists baggy
clothes so don't worry these guys feel
pretty relaxed and comfortable out there
the only real magic here is sitting
still for so long count me out
I get antsy just waiting for my hot
pocket in the microwave needle through
the balloon a knitting needle is pushed
through a balloon without popping it in
fact this trick is quite easy to perform
and you can give it a try at home how
it's done thoroughly cover the needle in
oil the places where you Pierce the
balloon are crucial push the needle
through the strong points of the balloon
where the layer of latex is thicker
these areas are at the top and at the
neck of the balloon make sure you push
the needle through these two points and
the balloon will not pop you can use a
knitting needle a long needle with
thread or even a pencil for this trick
the torn bank note some time ago people
wondered how David Copperfield managed
to seemingly Terra folded dollar in half
right in front of people then he managed
to unfold it to reveal that it had been
completely undamaged
[Music]
the secret here is making cunning use of
a pencil the latter has been cut in half
diagonally and connected with strong
magnets this allows the banknote to be
easily passed between the two magnetized
halves and remained undamaged have you
ever heard about this secret before this
next trick is very popular among both
professional magicians and complete
beginners plus it's one of the easiest
tricks to do as well we're talking about
the card trick where the illusionist
asks a spectator to randomly choose any
card from the deck and place it back
then the magician makes some magical
moves and the spectators card is popped
out up from the deck so what is the
secret to this illusion yeah it's pretty
simple actually when placing the card
back in the deck
the magician puts it in front of a card
with a special mechanism a small pad
that sticked to the card and moves it
upwards this creates the illusion of it
popping out of the deck so just practice
a little bit and you'll be ready to all
your friends with this one number seven
a card on a can here's another card
trick for you to master and now it's
know pick a card one have you ever seen
an illusionist taking a card and somehow
making a can stand on top of it seems
impossible to do right not at all in
fact any beginner can easily pull this
off if you take a closer look from
another perspective you will see that
the card a magician uses is actually
t-shaped you can easily make this card
at home by taking two ordinary cards and
sticking them together in such a way
that they create a t-shape this way it's
no big deal to make a can or bottle
stand up on top of the card but the
audience who doesn't know your little
secret will definitely be impressed in
this awesome trick the performer takes a
glass and fills it with water after that
they cover the glass with a piece of
ordinary cardboard and turn it upside
down
while some of the water spills out of it
the cardboard does an overall good job
at keeping the water from escaping
thanks to the vacuum created inside but
then the magician takes the cardboard
away and that's where the magic part
comes in the water stays inside the
glass and that's because the glass the
illusionist uses has been let's say
altered this glass has a tiny hole
drilled in its side just near the bottom
a casual onlooker wouldn't even notice
this hall the second secret is a
transparent plastic lid that stuck to
the cardboard when the magician puts the
cardboard in place he simultaneously
covers the glass with this invisible lid
it stays this way as long as the
magician keeps his finger over the hole
but as soon as he releases his hold the
water comes rushing down blew the lid
off of that now didn't way a magician
holds some plastic bottle or any other
container in his hand he shows everyone
that it's an ordinary empty bottle and
gives it to someone to prove it then the
magician asks for someone's phone one
two three and voila the phone has
magically passed through the wall of the
bottle and ends up inside of it how does
it even work well there are several ways
of doing the trick we're going to
explain the most popular one which is
all about the magic equipment the
magician wears a special finger stall
with a small but sharp blade after
showing the audience that the bottle is
whole he secretly cuts a line in it
that's big enough to push the phone
through no magic is necessary here
really just sleight of hand if you
master this trick your audience will be
thoroughly impressed after all it's not
everyday they see a foam cup floating in
the air right before their eyes all you
need is a foam Cup with a hole in one of
its sides when you show the cup to your
audience make sure they don't notice the
hole then move a few steps away from the
onlookers and discreetly push your thumb
into the hole stir
moving your fingers all around
abracadabra like right away this way
you'll distract people's attention from
your thumb that's disappeared
who knows where besides this will add
some showmanship to your performance
Wingardium Leviosa the signed card I'm
sure you've seen this one in movies or
from street magicians you asked someone
to pick a card and sign it then you
threw all the cards into a plastic bag
with your amazing mind powers you reach
into the bag and pull out that very card
and the bag of course is perfectly
normal and intact no funny business here
sounds like some serious magic doesn't
it well let's see how you can do it this
one is actually pretty easy when you ask
someone to take and sign a card cut the
pack of cards leaving a break now
distract the audience by asking them
something like would you tell me what
the card is naturally they won't because
there's no magic in that but the
distraction will give you a chance to
separate the card from the deck then let
the person who picked the card hold the
bag in front of you lick the back of the
car that you've removed from the deck
and stick it to the plastic bag when
it's time to take it out just remove the
card
a spike through the stomach how this
trick is pretty blood-chilling if you've
ever seen it perform and if you haven't
just imagine someone being stabbed
through their stomach with a long pointy
metal spike sounds pretty gruesome right
however with everything on this list
what's going on isn't nearly as shocking
as it seems the thing is that the spike
going through the body of the magician's
assistant is retractable as soon as it
comes into contact with a surface it
folds into itself plus the spike isn't
even made of metal it's rubber which
makes it that much safer now hold on I
know what you're thinking but what about
the sharp tip of the spike poking out
the other side of the assistant this can
also be easily explained the magician
attaches this magnetic tip to the
assistants costume at the right moment
so no magic in this trick either sorry
cut and restore
the magician cuts the rope in two then
folds the halves in one hand makes uh
mysterious movements of the other hand
and then shows us an intact rope with no
cuts how it's done here is one more
trick that you can try to perform
yourself the point is that what the
magician cuts is not actually the
original rope but a small piece of
identical rope that is folded in the
same hand that holds the rope
the magician hides the cut piece and
shows us the original intact rope a
zigzag lady this incredible trick makes
use of several 14 inches high boxes and
an 8 inches high mobile platform as the
female assistant enters the bottom box
she stands on top of a concealed spring
operated hatch the hatch opens down into
an empty compartment locked inside the
mobile platform as the illusionist shuts
all of the boxes openings the girl slips
down through the hatch and sits
cross-legged inside the platform's inner
compartment
each of the upper three boxes features
two openings one real and one false when
the boxes are stacked on top of each
other
the real openings form a human-sized
door used by the assistant to enter the
structure on the other hand the false
openings are designed to reveal niches
only about two inches deep located
inside each of those niches are
mannequin parts which correspond to
various parts of the real girl's torso
and sport the segments of the same
outfit the real assistant is wearing as
the performance commences the
illusionist takes down each of the upper
three boxes in turn and shuffles them
around this is done to confuse the
audience when the illusionist finally
proceeds to open the boxes the audience
sees a mix up version of the assistants
torso of course we're talking about
small mannequin parts located inside
false openings the famous magician
dynamo performed this trick in front of
people on the streets leaving the
audience in shock he took an iPhone from
one of the spectators and magically
rotated its Center leaving it in a half
screen half backstage
I bet the phone's owner was incredibly
relieved when he changed the phone back
to normal but seriously how is that
possible quite simple actually
the magician prepared a half back cover
of an iPhone and quickly put it over the
screen while performing the trick when
dynamo showed his audience the iPhone he
showed it from the back then covering
the device with both hands he rotates it
entirely showing the screen side with a
half back cover over it from the side it
looks like the phone was twisted but we
assure you that no iPhone was harmed
that day and there you have it a trick
that will definitely make your
spectators both nervous and stunned if
the person performing this trick has
rehearsed it well you'll be 100%
convinced that they're levitating and
with a little practice you can fly just
as easily as they do
now the main secret to this trick is
assuming the correct position stand in
the furthest corner of the room so that
your diagonal to the audience they
should mostly see your back and your
heel that's closest to them lift your
heels slowly and unsteadily pretend to
be wavering as if you're floating then
just as gradually lift the foot closest
to the onlookers off the floor you
really do have to practice this one a
lot to make a believable your foot
that's in the air needs to completely
block the toes of your other foot since
you'll be standing on them make sure you
have excellent balance two vanishing
crayons this one requires a bit of
preparation but it's totally worth it I
mean who doesn't love disappearing
tricks start by showing your audience
that you have a perfectly full box of
crayons and tell them in your best
magician voice that they're all about to
vanish you wave your hand over the box
and voila it's empty with your amazing
sorcery you turn the box upside down and
the crayons are all back all of the
minds in the room have officially been
blown hmm so how do you do it
well it takes an eight pack of crayons
and some tape or glue cut the crayons in
half and set aside the butts yeah let me
set aside my butt here anyway you won't
need them for this trick tape or glue
the top portions together in a line
while you're showing the box to your
audience be sure to squeeze it with your
fingers to hold the crayons up so that
the tops are visible and the box looks
full the second you let go of the
crayons they'll fall to the bottom and
the box will look empty when you flip it
upside down squeeze it again and the
crayons will magically appear at the top
sawing someone in half besides pulling a
rabbit out of a hat this trick is a
classic and when you see it it looks
horrifying especially if the performer
or their assistant is a good actor
blood-curdling screams arms and legs
flailing all over the place who wouldn't
be impressed by this spectacle but if
you knew what was really happening well
this show would definitely lose its
allure
now let's break it down surely you don't
think there's just one body involved
here no no no there are actually two
assistants in the box and the real trick
is to make those people as compact as
possible one way they do it is to have
the assistants lie on their backs and
pull their knees as close as they can to
their chests or one of the assistants
hides in the special compartment under
the Box holding the other one they can
also slide their legs down into special
compartments that look like the tables
legs the trick is pretty simple
and mostly depends on the ability of the
participants to stay still again not my
strong suit plus the audience is usually
too distracted looking at that huge saw
to notice any strange constructions such
as a table or a box hmm I'm seeing a
pattern here with the whole distract the
audience thing solving a mathematical
problem with a piece of magic chalk
[Music]
at the beginning of this trick spectator
see two small chalkboards the magician
writes a mathematical problem on one of
the boards the solution space is left
blank then the two boards are placed
face to face with a piece of chalk
between them
the magician shakes the boards then
opens the boards and the spectators see
the solution of the problem written on
the board right where it is supposed to
be how it's done one of the boards has a
secret panel that fits right within the
frame of the board and has a
mathematical problem and the solution
written on it it is placed facedown
within the frame so that the numbers
cannot be seen when the magician shakes
the boards and then opens them what the
spectator see is this secret panel that
falls face-up onto the neighboring
chalkboard the disappearing Cup
[Music]
a glass of water is placed on the table
which is covered with a handkerchief
then the magician lifts it up and throws
it into the air as a result the
handkerchief falls in the floor and the
glass disappears the trick here is
twofold firstly there's a wider ring
sewn into the handkerchief which creates
the illusion that the glass is
underneath the handkerchief secondly the
glass is then lowered into a secret
pouch through a hole in the table
[Music]
another talented magician from Britain's
Got Talent
Jamie Raven in his final magic trick got
a signed note by Alicia one of the
judges out from a lemon that was kept
intact in front of her since the start
of the show now that's some real magic
right there I mean how could he possibly
do that again all you have to do is
follow the steps closely when Alicia's
signed the note Jamie folded it and
showed the audience while he was folding
the note he had a palmed piece of paper
in his hands that he instantly switched
to now with the signed note still in his
hand he took a bag from Alicia and with
the note in his hand reached into the
bag stuffed the lemon and took it out
showing the audience only one side of it
when Alicia took out the note he very
quickly closed it and put it away
because there was actually a hole in the
bottom of the lemon where he stuffed the
note inside you can actually find a
video of this amazing performance on
youtube if you want to take a closer
look even though he made it seem
effortless you'll need a lot of practice
to do this one still the look of
astonishment in everybody's eyes
definitely is worth it imagine you're
walking down the street and you notice
someone whose torso is literally
transparent basically you can look right
through them and see what's happening
behind their back
how on earth is that possible again no
magic involved here just some
preparation to prepare this trick you'll
need to involve some gadgets the fact is
that this trick can surprise only those
who are face to face with a magician as
for the people behind him they'll
understand right away that he's got a
camera on his back this camera transmits
real-time footage to the thin screen
that securely fixed on the illusionist
chest sure is pretty obvious what's
going on but it still looks really cool
telekinesis or tell another kin of yours
I don't care maybe your brother haha hey
you got the power the power to bend
paper clips with your mind yes just like
that do you want to know the secret then
listen up a regular paper clip will do
just fine
straighten it out and hold it in front
of you so that the audience can see it
just at the right angle imitate some
psychic stuff going on hey you can even
touch your temple with your other hand
and make some grunting noises you got to
sell this to your audience all right
then just rotate the clip slightly
between your fingers and the crowd will
be positive you're actually bending it
with your mind sending a card through
glass this street trick is really cool
to see in person the performer asked
somebody from the audience to pick a
card and then put it back in the deck
without showing him he then tries to
guess which card was chosen but all is
attempts keep failing
the magician loses his temper and in a
fit of rage throws the deck of cards at
a nearby window to the viewers amazement
the exact card had been trying to guess
is magically sticking to the glass and
the most shocking part of it is that
it's on the other side of the window
quat how on earth did that very card go
through the glass
well here's exactly how
this trick takes some careful
preparation first off the magician needs
to absolutely identical decks of cards
and two trusted assistants they don't
have to be identical but how cool would
that be anyway the crowd needs to be
standing with their backs to the window
when the magician asks the audience
member to choose a card he doesn't see
which one is picked
but his assistants do the one who's
hiding on the other side of the window
takes the necessary card out of the
second deck and sticks it to the glass
at the right moment all the magician
needs to do is find the same card in his
deck and cunningly hide it away so that
nobody notices there are in fact two
identical cards easy-peasy pushing a
coin through glass
[Music]
the magician pushes a coin through a
glass tabletop how is it done
the magician uses two identical steel
coins for this trick one of the coins is
placed on the glass while the other one
stays hidden in the magician's palm an
essential accessory of this trick is a
ring with a magnet attached to it that
stays hidden beneath the magician's
fingers the magician holds the palm with
a hidden coin under the glass and covers
it with a hand with the ring that is
over the glass so that the coin on the
palm is attracted by the magnet through
the glass the magician guides the
attracted coin right to the place where
the first coin is when the top hand is
lifted the coin that was below the glass
falls on to the other hands palm at the
same time the coin that was originally
placed on the table is pulled on to the
magnet on the ring this is how the
melting through glass effect is created
another human zigzag the success of this
trick to a great extent depends on the
abilities of the magician's assistant
whose main task is to be able to
maintain her feet and hands in a
position similar to that of an ordinary
upright human posture inside a tiny and
oddly shaped box
tricks with water are also very common
among magicians for example the one
where the illusionist pour some water
into a cup and a moment later is turned
into a cube of ice as you've probably
already guessed the trick here lies in
the cup itself the thing is it already
contains a piece of ice along with a
sponge that's the same color as the cup
the sponge is fixed to the bottom of the
cup and will absorb water that is poured
in so when the magician turns the cup
upside down the ice falls into his hand
while the water remains in the sponge
right magic equipment sleight of hands
some practice and this trick will easily
become part of your illusion program
here's a fun little trick you can do
next time you're at a restaurant with
your friend if your companion gets up
and goes to the bathroom immediately
start preparing take a straw that's
still in the wrapper and thoroughly rub
it up and down to create some static
after that lay the straw across the
opening of your drink so that it's
parallel with the table when your friend
returns show them your telekinetic
powers when you bring your hands close
to the straw and start making mysterious
movements the straw will rotate from
side to side bending at your will
levitating pencil an other mind power
trek and this time you'll make a pencil
move up and down in a bottle by
controlling it with your magical psychic
powers we're just a little illusionary
skill the secret to this trick is that
you're actually controlling it with a
thread one end of it is attached to the
head of the pencil well the other is
tied to the button of your shirt as you
move the bottle toward and away from you
and of course after shouting Wingardium
Leviosa
the pencil starts levitating speaking of
Harry Potter have I told you that my
Patronus is bacon it's true
standing man cut in half now this one
looks like someone who survived the saw
a person in half track and yes it does
look pretty terrifying especially if
this guy walks up from behind you and
taps you on the shoulder
can you imagine turning around and
seeing somebody carrying their own legs
especially if he's all like hey buddy
got a light
creepy but not if you know how this
magician is tricking your eye this stunt
just takes some creative prep and good
flexibility if you don't run away
screaming in horror you'll notice that
this man's jeans cover only parts of his
legs below the knees as for his legs
from the knees up to his waist it's a
dummy the front part of the magician's
body is also fake when he shows this
trick it's extremely important for him
to keep the lower parts of his legs in a
vertical position while hiding the rest
of his body to keep his balance he has
to lean to the side while keeping his
shoulders straight that's why this trick
works only if you look at the
illusionist from the front doesn't seem
too hard but what an impression it
creates pulling scarf through neck
the scarf is tied around the magician's
neck the magician pulls it away with
force the scarf rests in the magician's
hands creating the effect of being
pulled right through the neck how it's
done here's another trick that's pretty
easy to recreate at home all you need is
a long scarf or a rope tie the scarf
following the instructions on the photo
above you need to create two loose loops
and pull one through the other this knot
deceives the spectator and creates the
illusion of a tightly tied scarf around
your neck
swiftly pull the scarf away and the
loops were released to create the effect
of the scarf passing right through your
neck the disappearing coin I bet I can
make any coin disappear right through
the table and I bet I'll win this bat
are you a gambler well how about we put
our money where our mouth is check it
out place the coin on the table or some
other flat surface and cover it with
your hand of course you can really
captivate your audience by pretending to
be super concentrated because you know
it's not easy to put a hole through the
table as you quickly grab the coin off
the table to get ready to magically send
it through the surface you actually just
slide it right off the edge toward you
so when you slam the coin through the
table there actually isn't even a coin
in your hand but a coin has fallen on
the ground your audience will assume it
went right through but it's best if you
do this trick in a noisy room or one
with carpeted floors this way no one
will hear when the coin hits the ground
walking on water at first glance this
trick seems impossible to explain come
on it's water after all how can someone
nonchalantly take a stroll on its
surface do these special shoes maybe
some invisible ropes in fact this trick
isn't even that difficult admittedly you
won't understand its inner workings
unless you know what to look for these
magicians use industrial grade
plexiglass platforms standing on long
legs made from the same clear material
really placed under the water this
pathway looks completely invisible if
you're looking at it from the right
angle it's impossible to detect even
with a camera yet the magician can see
well enough where exactly he needs to
step in order to pull off this
miraculous done if you've ever seen such
a trick performed in a swimming pool
I'll bet you're thinking surely people
standing nearby would be able to see the
glass platform's well of course they
can't they're probably all actors
pretending not to see the glass at all
whoever said magicians can't play dirty
surviving the cut the magician cuts the
arm with a hunting knife plunging a
blade through the skin and muscles the
trick looks really cool and dangerous
however at the end of the trick the
magician's arm is safe and sound and has
no cuts how it's done the secret of this
trick is the knife it has a sliding
blade with a semicircular notch in it
when the knotch surrounds the arm it
creates the effect of the blade being
pulled right through the muscles Michael
Jackson's antigravity lead remember that
gravity-defying lean which Michael
Jackson and his dancers performed in the
video for the song smooth criminal' it
looked incredible as Michael kept his
entire body straight while bending his
ankles at an acute 45-degree angle
the secret here is the specially
designed shoes he used which had a heel
that locked in two pegs on the floor
with his feet hooked to the ground
Michael was able to perform that
impossible physical maneuver imagine a
magician's performance numerous lights
are lighting up the stage and the only
thing there is is a wall that looks and
feels very realistic a magician
approaches the wall from one side and
the assistants hide him with special
screens on wheels the exact same
construction is put on another side of
the wall a few seconds later the
magician appears on the opposite side of
the wall a huge round of applause as the
spectators are shocked and thrilled and
although it may seem like Hogwarts magic
the performance is quite easy there's a
special v-shaped tunnel going under the
wall that's why the spectators who study
the wall and how solid it is don't find
anything the wall is completely okay
it's the floor that's not the magician
needs just a fraction of a second to go
through the small tunnel going under the
wall and stand on the other side of it
and there you go way to leave the
audience Beach lists stab a potato with
a straw now this trick is another one
that's great for making a bet I bet I
can stab a potato with just a plain old
drinking straw Wow you won't believe me
when I say it's possible and you'll lose
the bet it turns out that it's a super
easy trick you just cover one end of the
plastic straw with your finger to stop
the air from escaping because it stays
there the straw becomes unbendable there
you go you win a bet hopefully a hundred
bucks by stabbing a potato with a
drinking straw all thanks to the help of
physics
a card through the arm oh this looks
pretty cool doesn't it well you'll be
happy to know that you can easily learn
how to perform this trick yourself in
fact with most magic tricks it's no more
than an illusion that requires some good
acting skills here's what you got to do
find a pair of scissors and cut out part
of a playing card in the shape of your
arm then place the card on your arm so
it stays firmly in place
voila Apple surgery I really wanted to
give you this Apple but it looks so good
I just couldn't help myself
and took a bite but don't worry I can
heal it by rubbing it for just a few
seconds are you surprised
well you can also be an apple surgeon
you'll just need another Apple to take a
sliver off with no peel when you stick
it to your other Apple it will look like
you just treated yourself to a big
healthy bite out of it pretend to be
chewing to make it all the more real now
turn the Apple around and as you rub it
just remove the patch sawing a person in
half
[Music]
we've all seen that trick right we
usually watch it with bated breath while
the magician is sawing a woman in half
well it's a lot less shocking when you
know that there are two assistants
inside the magician's box no magic alas
[Music]
changing directions you can challenge
your audience with this trick give them
a glass and a piece of paper with an
arrow drawn on it now ask them to change
the arrows direction using the glass
they'll probably look through the glass
at different angles but it won't work
all you have to do is fill the glass
with water and there you go the arrow is
now pointing in the opposite direction
once again yay physics defying gravity
where will the ring go if we pull a
rubber band through it and hold it
diagonally down of course or will it
here's a gravity defying trick all you
have to do is hold the upper end of the
rubber band at one end and leave some
left on the other end of your palm when
you stretch it it seems like it's at its
maximum length when in fact it's not as
you pull it upwards and slowly release
the lower end from your palm it'll look
like the ring is destroying Newton's
good name when we think of magicians the
first name that comes to pretty much
everyone's mind is David Copperfield and
it's no surprise since he's one of the
best-known classic magicians ever a lot
of aspiring magicians are inspired by
him and his work so let's reveal the
secret behind one of his favorite tricks
the death saw magic act and yes it's
this famous trick where the magician
splits himself in half using a giant saw
blade that sounds brutal right in order
to perform the illusion Copperfield
actually used an assistant for the
latter part of
body together they seem to be just a
single person the secret of this trick
is in the table beneath and the tiny gap
between the tables that the saw blade
can easily pass through Copperfield's
legs were bent into the table and the
assistants upper body was hidden in the
table below so they were both completely
safe while the audience was going crazy
truly legendary now some tricks work
simply thanks to the element of surprise
and turning water into ice as one of
them put a sponge on the bottom of a
plastic cup and add several ice cubes
there you're now ready to perform take a
pitcher full of water and pour some into
the cup an ounce in your best magician
voice that you'll now turn the water
into ice now since the sponge needs time
to absorb the water buy yourself some
time by waving your hands and working
your magic then turn the cup over the
ice cubes will fall out and your
audience's jaws will drop box of
chocolates life is like a box of
chocolates and it looks like we've got
an empty one no way let's check it again
we take off the lid and it's now full
and looking so delicious magically
appearing chocolate mmm sign me up well
what you're going to need for this trick
is two identical boxes of chocolate a
full one and an empty one you should
take the full tray of chocolates out of
its box and hide it under the lid put
the lid on the edge of the table so you
can pick it up easily when you put it on
the top of the empty box it'll magically
fill it with chocolates
always on the right page this trick
involves a playing card and a book
I'll start flicking through the book and
throw a six in it well will you look at
that it landed exactly where Chapter six
of the book starts what in fact all you
need for this trick is an extra card
which looks exactly the same as your
showcar it can be any number really
you just have to hide it in the book
beforehand and then find it there what a
coincidence
it's exactly on the right page
knife-throwing in one of the scariest
tricks
the magician throws knives at an
assistant who is tied to a big target
luckily the assistant is safe and sound
at the end of the trick how it's done
the magician never throws the knives but
only aims at a target and then hides the
knives in a secret pocket another
assistant hides behind the target and
holds a special device that shoots the
knives from the back of the target the
assistant releases the devices right at
the moment when the magician throws the
knife and it creates the illusion that
the throw knife gets stuck in the target
right beside the assistant making smoke
rise from your fingers all the magician
needs for this trick is a matchbox take
a matchbox and cut out one of its
striker sides separate the actual
flammable surface from the cardboard
lining fold the resulting strip in two
and light it up
let the strip burn then discard it and
collect the residue produced by the
burning this white phosphorus residue is
what you'll need to perform the trick
slowly rub it into your thumb and index
fingers now all you need to do is rub
your fingers together to make them smoke
[Music]
this trick is great for entertaining
guests at a party choose someone in the
room and announce to everyone that
you'll read this person's mind
ask them to mentally pick one thing in
the room after that you need to leave
the room and the person you picked has
to tell everyone else which object
they've chosen when you return you
select another audience member and tell
them to walk around the room and touch
random objects when they touch the right
one you stop them and announce that this
was the original item chosen
unfortunately this
based on the oldest trick in the book a
lie which of course would make it you
guessed it bogus
hocus-pocus the thing is that the
audience member you pick when you come
back into the room is in fact your Maul
before the trick you agree that just
before coming up to the correct object
they'll touch something black that will
be your clue and that's why it's called
black magic smash a cup through the
table okay tricks look cool but a failed
trick looks hilarious unfortunately we
all love a trainwreck take a ball or
make one out of a crumpled up piece of
paper tell everyone that it'll go right
through the table cover it with a
plastic cup and another piece of paper
now smash it whoops it looks like
something went wrong the ball is still
there but the cup went right through the
table so is it still a failure I mean
something disappeared just not the thing
I told you here's how you can do it cut
a square out of paper large enough to
just cover your cup when you wrap the
cup in the paper the sheet will form to
the shape of the cup as you lift the cup
to show the audience the ball is there
quickly drop the cup onto your lap whoa
you just smash the Cup so hard it
magically disappeared catching bullet
with teeth
the magician loads a rifle with
gunpowder in a bullet then the rifle is
given to the assistant who then shoots
at the magician standing within shooting
distance after the shot the amazed
audience can see the magician holding
the bullet with his teeth how it's done
the rifle use for this trick is not real
the shooting effect is just recreated
with the help of a special mechanism
hidden inside the gun when loading the
bullet into the barrel the magician uses
a special plunger with a tiny magnet at
the end the magnet attracts the bullet
and the magician hides it until the end
of the trick when the bullet appears
right between his teeth to create a more
dramatic effect there's sometimes a
sheet of glass placed between the
assistant and the magician at the moment
of shooting that glass is broken with
the help of a special mechanism and it
creates the illusion of a real shot
marking the bullet with some special
sign before loading the gun and
demonstrating the same marked bullet at
the end adds to the show and completely
baffles the audience bending a spoon
[Music]
to successfully perform this trick you
first need to hide a small silver coin
in the palm of your hand when you're
ready to bend the spoon hold the coin in
such a way that only the tip of it is
visible place the coin on top of the
spoons handle so that it will look as
though you are simply holding the spoon
press the oval end of the spoon against
the table and try to make an impression
of putting a lot of effort into bending
the spoon as you're doing this let the
handle drop from the back of your hand
as the tip of the coin will still be
showing it will look like the spoon is
starting to bend this one is not for the
squeamish or perhaps it is now picture
this you've got a long construction nail
piercing completely through your finger
and there's blood all around the wound
if your friends are panicking and about
to call the ambulance congratulations
you've performed this trick perfectly
yes
you nailed it so here's how you do it
take a long thick nail and cut it in
half
glue one half to one side of your finger
and the other half to the other side
this will give the illusion that it's
punctured your finger all the way
through add some red paint or fake blood
and you've got yourself an extremely
lifelike and terrifying sight the rest
of course depends on your acting skills
hmm might also be a good way of getting
out of taking that test at school huh
losing your finger this trick is as old
as time but it still gets the same
reaction as when it was first invented
it works especially well with kids and
other easily impressionable audiences
you've got five fingers and then whoosh
one of them just magically disappeared
now you'll have to live your life
without that precious finger man and
that one was your favorite yeah
I'm just playing with you it's still
right where it should be so how do you
make it temporarily vanish super easy
all you have to do is bend your index
finger and hide it behind your middle
finger
practice makes perfect with this finger
losing track plus it'll make your
fingers more flexible if your crowd gets
a little too worked up about it
you can play nice and show them all your
fingers are still there after another
swoosh the disappearance of the Orient
Express carriage in one of his most
fascinating tricks
David Copperfield makes a carriage of
the Orient Express disappear in front of
a crowd of spectators the carriage is
covered with cloth and lifted above the
ground when Copperfield pulls the cloth
away
there is no carriage underneath
how it's done one of the theories has it
that there is a special rigid frame like
construction built around the carriage
repeating its outlines after the
carriage is covered with a cloth that is
pulled away and the cloth rests around
the frame when the spectators see how
the carriage is lifted what they
actually see is a frame covered with a
cloth the purpose of powerful spotlights
isn't just to create a magical
atmosphere their main function is to
distract the spectators attention and to
keep them concentrated on the frame with
a cloth while the train carriage gets
pulled away
levitation the secret of this trick
which is highly popular among street
magicians is in the cleverly hidden
support that's why the magicians who
perform it stand in the way which
perfectly conceals the end of their
staff or rod the latter simply has an
extended support passing through their
clothes sometimes magicians even make
another person levitate at the start of
this trick the magician's assistant
usually a girl wearing a long dress lies
down on a table she makes sure that the
folds of her dress fall right down to
the floor concealing the space directly
beneath the table then the illusionist
proceeds to make her levitate above the
table for the trick to be successful the
audience must be made to believe that
the girl is being held in the air by
magic in reality the effect is achieved
due to a lifting mechanism to add
excitement the illusionist takes a hoop
and passes it over the assistants body
there's nothing extraordinary about the
hoop
it doesn't have gaps or anything the
only requirement is that the hoop must
be large enough to be repeatedly passed
over the girl without touching the
lifting mechanism throughout the
performance the magician must be careful
to stand in such a way as to conceal the
rod that is holding the assistant up
above the table
this trick was made famous by David
Blaine a well-known American street
magician the illusionist handed a cup of
steaming hot coffee to a man living on
the street
the latter was all too happy to get a
hot drink Blaine waited until the man
took a sip and made sure the coffee was
real then the magician took the cup away
and held it in his hands as he started
slightly shaking the cup all the nearby
witnesses saw the coffee disappear and
turned into coins there's no need to say
that the homeless man was not only
shocked by the trick but also thankful
for the generosity now if you want to
try this one you're gonna need two
disposable coffee cups a sponge some
scissors and a handful of coins start by
cutting one of the coffee cups in half
and set it aside cut a small hole in the
bottom of the larger cup the hole should
be just big enough for your finger to
fit through put the sponge on the bottom
of the larger cup so that it covers the
hole now fill the smaller cup with coins
and put it into the larger one finally
fill it up to the top with coffee so
that the coins are well hidden when
you're performing this trick pretend to
be supporting the cup from below so that
you can slip your finger into the hole
start to slowly push the smaller cup up
this will force the copy to seep into
the gap between the two cups and the
sponge at the bottom of the larger cup
will absorb it
voila your coffee has turned into coins
Wow
if you did that using a latte with
chocolate
that would be hocus-pocus with mochas
bending a spoon how about if we kick it
old-school with this classic you're
about to learn how to bend a spoon and
they get it back into its original shape
in a matter of seconds here we go the
trick here is that you don't actually
bend the spoon that's because there is
no spoon just kidding there actually is
a spoon but if you got that reference
comment down below anyway you just have
to pretend that you're bending it cut
the handle of the spoon in your hands
but let the head of the spoon remain
visible tilt your hands forward while
letting the handle of the spoon secretly
slide down your palm to make it look
more believable use a silver coin to
imitate the end of the handle sticking
out of your cupped hands just hide it in
your fist till the right moment in the
end it'll look like the spoon is
actually bending right in front of your
audience's eyes then use your acting
skills again and pretend you're working
hard to unbend this bone tada cool huh
catching a bullet with your teeth this
trick definitely isn't for amateurs it
takes a lot of practice to nail it and
several magicians have even died trying
to perform it correctly but as soon as
you grasp the concept
there's nothing simpler and safer the
trick goes like this the lovely
assistant shoots at the magician with a
loaded gun
the magician gets the crowd going and
pretends to be shot he then magically
spits the bullet out of his mouth this
all seems impressively realistic again
if you don't know the secret but what
happens is that while the magician is
loading the bullet into the gun he uses
a ramrod fixed with a magnet on its tip
so instead of pushing the bullet inside
he pulls it out and hides it in his hand
after that when he's already in position
his assistant distracts the public for a
bit this way the magician can quickly
put the bullet in his mouth
all the risk comes down to good acting a
moving piece of cloth this trick
includes a piece of cloth that moves as
if there's a creature hiding underneath
it
the audience is expected to believe that
it's a ghost summoned by a magician
while he moves his hands above the cloth
how it's done
the magician uses a colorful kerchief
that hides a piece of thin wire in one
of its selvages one end of the wire is
bent a bit and by pressing it the
magician makes the wire rise that's how
the illusion of the moving cloth is
created and the colorful pattern of the
kerchief helps to distract the
audience's attention from the details
pulling a rabbit out of a hat to perform
this trick you'll need a rabbit a table
cloth covered table a piece of cloth and
a top hat take a square piece of thick
black cloth and tie all of its four
corners together loosely place a rabbit
inside this improvised sack hang the
sack on a hook located on the side of
the table that will be facing you during
the performance arrange the tablecloth
in such a way as to prevent the audience
from seeing the sack in the beginning
show the top hat to your audience to
demonstrate that there's nothing inside
next put the Hat on the table with the
Hat opening facing the table surface
using inconspicuous movements lift the
hide quickly by the brim and put the
sack underneath the hat now make some
movements showing that you're conjuring
something up
remove the hat from the table and reveal
the rabbit to the audience in season
eight of Britain's Got Talent the
audience was both shocked and amazed by
Canadian illusionist Darcy oak who
performs several magic tricks with doves
in one of them the magician makes a
pigeon appear from a bird feather but
how did he do it easy the feather that
Darcy showed the audience before
lighting it up
is actually a piece of special paper
known as flash paper it is commonly used
by magicians when they wish to create
large flashes of fire in order to hide
brisk moments of illusion from the
audience and that's exactly what Darcy
did using the fire he quickly got the
pigeon from a secret pocket in his
sleeve and that's how the magic of this
trick is born you can probably tell by
the name but this trick creates an
illusion that a magician swallows an
entire balloon although it's pretty
simple to perform if you've spent enough
time practicing the audience gets
shocked into silence the main secret the
illusionist hides is that there are
several tiny holes at one end of a long
balloon as soon as the performer puts
the other end in their mouth they press
it with their tongue to make the balloon
deflate the only tricky thing here is to
be fast enough so that the balloon
doesn't deflate too soon that would be
pretty embarrassing for the magician
right yes that would be a tough one to
swallow I'm sorry I just can't help
myself turning water into ice how can
you turn water into ice without using a
freezer well you can't
no no it's easy peasy lemon squeezy as
long as you have a glass and a paper cup
water pours out of the glass and comes
back from the paper cup as ice well the
secret weapon of this magic trick is a
sponge you put it in the paper cup along
with some ice cubes and it has to be a
paper or plastic cup not a clear one
like the glass your audience obviously
shouldn't see that sponge sitting at the
bottom of the cup
then your ruse will be exposed and you
don't want to expose your ruse to just
anyone the sponge will absorb all the
water so once you turn over the cup only
the ice will come out boom you're now a
wizard
[Music]
now most of you have probably seen
street performers who seem to be
magically floating in the air while
seated okay
maybe not magically but still it looks
awesome and really makes you wonder how
the performers managed to do this if
you're one of these curious onlookers
get ready for the big secret to be
unveiled it's incredibly simple it
doesn't require any effort on the
performers part on the ground beneath
them you might not have noticed there's
always a rug or a piece of carpet well
that's actually hiding a metal platform
with a steel rod sticking up from one of
its corners that rod then connects with
another metal plate that the performer
sits on all this framework is well
hidden under the illusionist baggy
clothes so don't worry these guys feel
pretty relaxed and comfortable out there
the only real magic here is sitting
still for so long count me out
I get antsy just waiting for my hot
pocket in the microwave needle through
the balloon a knitting needle is pushed
through a balloon without popping it in
fact this trick is quite easy to perform
and you can give it a try at home how
it's done thoroughly cover the needle in
oil the places where you Pierce the
balloon are crucial push the needle
through the strong points of the balloon
where the layer of latex is thicker
these areas are at the top and at the
neck of the balloon make sure you push
the needle through these two points and
the balloon will not pop you can use a
knitting needle a long needle with
thread or even a pencil for this trick
the torn bank note some time ago people
wondered how David Copperfield managed
to seemingly Terra folded dollar in half
right in front of people then he managed
to unfold it to reveal that it had been
completely undamaged
[Music]
the secret here is making cunning use of
a pencil the latter has been cut in half
diagonally and connected with strong
magnets this allows the banknote to be
easily passed between the two magnetized
halves and remain undamaged have you
ever heard about this secret before this
next trick is very popular among both
professional magicians and complete
beginners plus it's one of the easiest
tricks to do as well we're talking about
the card trick where the illusionist
asked a spectator to randomly choose any
card from the deck and place it back
then the magician makes some magical
moves and the spectators card is popped
out up from the deck so what is the
secret to this illusion it's pretty
simple actually when placing the card
back in the deck
the magician puts it in front of a card
with a special mechanism a small pad
that sticks to the card and moves it
upwards this creates the illusion of it
popping out of the deck so just practice
a little bit and you'll be ready to all
your friends with this one number seven
a card on a can here's another card
trick for you to master and now it's
know pick a card one have you ever seen
an illusionist
taking a card and somehow making a can
stand on top of it seems impossible to
do right not at all in fact any beginner
can easily pull this off if you take a
closer look from another perspective you
will see that the kardama jishin uses is
actually t-shaped you can easily make
this card at home by taking two ordinary
cards and sticking them together in such
a way that they create a t-shape this
way it's no big deal to make a can or
bottle stand up on top of the card but
the audience who doesn't know your
little secret will definitely be
impressed in this awesome trick the
performer takes a glass and fills it
with water after that they cover the
glass with a piece of ordinary cardboard
and turn it upside down
while some of the water spills out of it
the cardboard does an overall good job
at keeping the water from escaping
thanks to the vacuum created inside but
then the magician takes the cardboard
away and that's where the magic part
comes in the water stays inside the
glass and that's because the glass the
illusionist uses has been let's say
altered this glass has a tiny hole
drilled in its side just near the bottom
a casual onlooker wouldn't even notice
this hall the second secret is a
transparent plastic lid that stuck to
the cardboard when the magician puts the
cardboard in place he simultaneously
covers the glass with this invisible lid
it stays this way as long as the
magician keeps his finger over the hole
but as soon as he releases his hole the
water comes rushing down yeah blew the
lid off of that now didn't way a
magician holds some plastic bottle or
any other container in his hand he shows
everyone that it's an ordinary empty
bottle and gives it to someone to prove
it then the magician asks for someone's
phone one two three and voila
the phone has magically passed through
the wall of the bottle and ends up
inside of it how does it even work well
there are several ways of doing the
trick we're going to explain the most
popular one which is all about the magic
equipment the magician wears a special
finger stall with a small but sharp
blade after showing the audience that
the bottle is whole he secretly cuts a
line in it that's big enough to push the
phone through no magic is necessary here
really just sleight of hand
who if you master this trick your
audience will be thoroughly impressed
after all it's not everyday they see a
foam cup floating in the air right
before their eyes all you need is a foam
Cup with a hole in one of its sides when
you show the cup to your audience make
sure they don't notice the hole then
move a few steps away from the onlookers
and discreetly push your thumb into the
hole
moving your fingers all around
abracadabra like right away this way
you'll distract people's attention from
your thumb that's disappeared
who knows where besides this will add
some showmanship to your performance
Wingardium Leviosa the signed car I'm
sure you've seen this one in movies or
from street magicians you asked someone
to pick a card and sign it then you
threw all the cards into a plastic bag
with your amazing mind powers you reach
into the bag and pull out that very card
and the bag of course is perfectly
normal and intact no funny business here
sounds like some serious magic doesn't
it
well let's see how you can do it this
one is actually pretty easy when you ask
someone to take and sign a card cut the
pack of cards leaving a break now
distract the audience by asking them
something like would you tell me what
the card is naturally they won't because
there's no magic in that but the
distraction will give you a chance to
separate the card from the deck then let
the person who picked the card hold the
bag in front of you lick the back of the
car that you've removed from the deck
and stick it to the plastic bag when
it's time to take it out just remove the
card
a spike through the stomach how this
trick is pretty blood-chilling if you've
ever seen it perform and if you haven't
just imagine someone being stabbed
through their stomach with a long pointy
metal spike sounds pretty gruesome right
however with everything on this list
what's going on isn't nearly as shocking
as it seems the thing is that the spike
going through the body of the magician's
assistant is retractable as soon as it
comes into contact with a surface it
folds into itself plus the spike isn't
even made of metal it's rubber which
makes it that much safer now hold on I
know what you're thinking but what about
the sharp tip of the spike poking out
the other side of the assistant this can
also be easily explained the magician
attaches this magnetic tip to the
assistants costume at the right moment
so no magic in this trick either sorry
cut and restore
the magician cuts the rope in two then
folds the halves in one hand makes uh
mysterious movements of the other hand
and then shows us an intact rope with no
cuts how it's done here is one more
trick that you can try to perform
yourself the point is that what the
magician cuts is not actually the
original rope but a small piece of
identical rope that is folded in the
same hand that holds the rope
the magician hides the cut piece and
shows us the original intact rope a
zigzag lady this incredible trick makes
use of several 14 inches high boxes and
an 8 inches high mobile platform as the
female assistant enters the bottom box
she stands on top of a concealed spring
operated hatch the hatch opens down into
an empty compartment locked inside the
mobile platform as the illusionist shuts
all of the boxes openings the girl slips
down through the hatch and sits
cross-legged inside the platform's inner
compartment
each of the upper three boxes features
two openings one real and one false when
the boxes are stacked on top of each
other
the real openings form a human-sized
door used by the assistant to enter the
structure on the other hand the false
openings are designed to reveal niches
only about two inches deep located
inside each of those niches are
mannequin parts which correspond to
various parts of the real girl's torso
and sport the segment's of the same
outfit the real assistant is wearing as
the performance commences the
illusionist takes down each of the upper
three boxes in turn and shuffles them
around this is done to confuse the
audience when the illusionist finally
proceeds to open the boxes the audience
sees a mix up version of the assistants
torso of course we're talking about
small mannequin parts located inside
false openings the famous magician
dynamo performed this trick in front of
people on the streets leaving the
audience in shock he took an iPhone from
one of the spectators and magically
rotated its Center leaving it in a half
screen half backstage I bet the phone's
owner was incredibly relieved when he
changed the phone back to normal but
seriously how is that possible quite
simple actually
the magician prepared a half back cover
of an iPhone and quickly put it over the
screen while performing the trick when
dynamo showed his audience the iPhone he
showed it from the back then covering
the device with both hands he rotates it
entirely showing the screen side with a
half back cover over it from the side it
looks like the phone was twisted but we
assure you that no iPhone was harmed
that day and there you have it a trick
that will definitely make your
spectators both nervous and stunned if
the person performing this trick has
rehearsed it well you'll be 100%
convinced that they're levitating and
with a little practice you can fly just
as easily as they do
now the main secret to this trick is
assuming the correct position stand in
the furthest corner of the room so that
your diagonal to the audience they
should mostly see your back and your
heel that's closest to them lift your
heels slowly and unsteadily pretend to
be wavering as if you're floating then
just as gradually lift the foot closest
to the onlookers off the floor you
really do have to practice this one a
lot to make a believable your foot
that's in the air needs to completely
block the toes of your other foot since
you'll be standing on them make sure you
have excellent balance - vanishing
Crayons this one requires a bit of
preparation but it's totally worth it I
mean who doesn't love disappearing
tricks start by showing your audience
that you have a perfectly full box of
crayons and tell them in your best
magician voice that they're all about to
vanish you wave your hand over the box
and voila it's empty with your amazing
sorcery you turn the box upside down and
the crayons are all back all of the
minds in the room have officially been
blown hmm so how do you do it well it
takes an 8 pack of crayons and some tape
or glue cut the crayons in half and set
aside the buts
yeah let me set aside my butt here
anyway you won't need them for this
trick tape or glue the top portions
together in a line while you're showing
the box to your audience be sure to
squeeze it with your fingers to hold the
crayons up so that the tops are visible
and the box looks full the second you
let go of the crayons they'll fall to
the bottom and the box will look empty
when you flip it upside down squeeze it
again and the crayons will magically
appear at the top sawing some one in
half
besides pulling a rabbit out of a hat
this trick is a classic and when you see
it it looks horrifying especially if the
performer or their assistant is a good
actor blood-curdling screams arms and
legs flailing all over the place who
wouldn't be impressed by this spectacle
but if you knew what was really
happening well this show would
definitely lose its allure
now let's break it down surely you don't
think there's just one body involved
here no no there are actually two
assistants in the box and the real trick
is to make those people as compact as
possible one way they do it is to have
the assistants lie on their backs and
pull their knees as close as they can to
their chests
or one of the assistants hides in the
special compartment under the box
holding the other one they can also
slide their legs down into special
compartments that look like the tables
legs the trick is pretty simple and
mostly depends on the ability of the
participants to stay still again not my
strong suit plus the audience is usually
too distracted looking at that huge saw
to notice any strange constructions such
as a table or a box hmm
I'm seeing a pattern here with the whole
distract the audience thing solving a
mathematical problem with a piece of
magic chalk
at the beginning of this trick spectator
see two small chalkboards the magician
writes a mathematical problem on one of
the boards the solution space is left
blank then the two boards are placed
face to face with a piece of chalk
between them
the magician shakes the boards then
opens the boards and the spectators see
the solution of the problem written on
the board right where it is supposed to
be how it's done one of the boards has a
secret panel that fits right within the
frame of the board and has a
mathematical problem and the solution
written on it it is placed facedown
within the frame so that the numbers
cannot be seen when the magician shakes
the boards and then opens them what the
spectator see is this secret panel that
falls face-up onto the neighboring
chalkboard the disappearing Cup
[Music]
a glass of water is placed on the table
which is covered with a handkerchief
then the magician lifts it up and throws
it into the air as a result the
handkerchief falls in the floor and the
glass disappears the trick here is
twofold firstly there's a wider ring
sewn into the handkerchief which creates
the illusion that the glass is
underneath the handkerchief secondly the
glass is then lowered into a secret
pouch through a hole in the table
[Music]
another talented magician from Britain's
Got Talent
Jamie Raven in his final magic trick got
a signed note by Alicia one of the
judges out from a lemon that was kept
intact in front of her since the start
of the show now that's some real magic
right there I mean how could he possibly
do that again all you have to do is
follow the steps closely when Alicia's
signed the note
Jamie folded it and showed the audience
while he was folding the note he had a
palmed piece of paper in his hands that
he instantly switched to now with the
signed note still in his hand he took a
bag from Alicia and with the note in his
hand reached into the bag stuffed the
lemon and took it out showing the
audience only one side of it when Alicia
took out the note ain't very quickly
closed it and put it away because there
was actually a hole in the bottom of the
lemon where he stuffed the note inside
you can actually find a video of this
amazing performance on youtube if you
want to take a closer look even though
he made it seem effortless you'll need a
lot of practice to do this one still the
look of astonishment in everybody's eyes
definitely is worth it imagine you're
walking down the street and you notice
someone whose torso is literally
transparent basically you can look right
through them and see what's happening
behind their back
how on earth is that possible again no
magic involved here just some
preparation to prepare this trick you'll
need to involve some gadgets the fact is
that this trick can surprise only those
who are face to face with a magician as
for the people behind him they'll
understand right away that he's got a
camera on his back this camera transmits
real-time footage to the thin screen
that's securely fixed on the illusionist
chest sure is pretty obvious what's
going on but it still looks really cool
telekinesis or tell another kin of yours
I don't care maybe your brother haha hey
you've got the power the power to bend
paper clips with your mind yes just like
that
do you want to know the secret then
listen up a regular paper clip will do
just fine
straighten it out and hold it in front
of you so that the audience can see it
just at the right angle imitate some
psychic stuff going on hey you can even
touch your temple with your other hand
and make some grunting noises you got to
sell this to your audience all right
then just rotate the clip slightly
between your fingers and the crowd will
be positive you're actually bending it
with your mind sending a card through
glass this tree trick is really cool to
see in person the performer asked
somebody from the audience to pick a
card and then put it back in the deck
without showing him he then tries to
guess which card was chosen but all his
attempts keep failing
the magician loses his temper and in a
fit of rage throws the deck of cards at
a nearby window to the viewers amazement
the exact card had been trying to guess
is magically sticking to the glass and
the most shocking part of it is that
it's on the other side of the window
quat how on earth did that very card go
through the glass
well here's exactly how
this trick takes some careful
preparation first off the magician needs
to absolutely identical decks of cards
and two trusted assistants they don't
have to be identical but how cool would
that be anyway
the crowd needs to be standing with
their backs to the window when the
magician asks the audience member to
choose a card he doesn't see which one
is picked
but his assistants do the one who's
hiding on the other side of the window
takes the necessary card out of the
second deck and sticks it to the glass
at the right moment all the magician
needs to do is find the same card in his
deck and cunningly hide it away so that
nobody notices there are in fact two
identical cards easy-peasy pushing a
coin through glass
[Music]
the magician pushes a coin through a
glass tabletop how is it done
the magician uses two identical steel
coins for this trick one of the coins is
placed on the glass while the other one
stays hidden in the magician's palm an
essential accessory of this trick is a
ring with a magnet attached to it that
stays hidden beneath the magician's
fingers
the magician holds the palm with the
hidden coin under the glass and covers
it with a hand with the ring that is
over the glass so that the coin on the
palm is attracted by the magnet through
the glass the magician guides the
attracted coin right to the place where
the first coyness when the top hand is
lifted the coin that was below the glass
falls onto the other hands palm at the
same time the coin that was originally
placed on the table is pulled on to the
magnet on the ring this is how the
melting through glass effect is created
another human zigzag the success of this
trick to a great extent depends on the
abilities of the magician's assistant
whose main task is to be able to
maintain her feet and hands in a
position similar to that of an ordinary
upright human posture inside a tiny and
oddly shaped box
tricks with water are also very common
among magicians for example the one
where the illusionist pour some water
into a cup and a moment later is turned
into a cube of ice as you've probably
already guessed the trick here lies in
the cup itself the thing is it already
contains a piece of ice along with a
sponge that's the same color as the cub
the sponge is fixed to the bottom of the
cup and will absorb water that is poured
in so when the magician turns the cup
upside down the ice falls into his hand
while the water remains in the sponge
right magic equipment sleight of hands
some practice and this trick will easily
become part of your illusion program
here's a fun little trick you can do
next time you're at a restaurant with
your friend if your companion gets up
and goes to the bathroom immediately
start preparing take a straw that's
still in the wrapper and thoroughly rub
it up and down to create some static
after that lay the straw across the
opening of your drink so that it's
parallel with the table when your friend
returns show them your telekinetic
powers when you bring your hands close
to the straw and start making mysterious
movements the straw will rotate from
side to side bending at your will
levitating pencil an other mind power
trek and this time you'll make a pencil
move up and down in a bottle by
controlling it with your magical psychic
powers
we're just a little illusionary skill
the secret to this trick is that you're
actually controlling it with a thread
one end of it is attached to the head of
the pencil well the other is tied to the
button of your shirt as you move the
bottle toward and away from you and of
course after shouting Wingardium Leviosa
the pencil starts levitating speaking of
Harry Potter have I told you that my
Patronus is bacon it's true
standing man cut in half now this one
looks like someone who survived the saw
a person in half track and yes it does
look pretty terrifying especially if
this guy walks up from behind you and
taps you on the shoulder
can you imagine turning around and
seeing somebody carrying their own legs
especially if he's all like hey buddy
got a light
creepy but not if you know how this
magician is tricking your eye this stunt
just takes some creative prep and good
flexibility if you don't run away
screaming in horror you'll notice that
this man's jeans cover only parts of his
legs below the knees as for his legs
from the knees up to his waist it's a
dummy the front part of the magician's
body is also fake when he shows this
trick it's extremely important for him
to keep the lower parts of his legs in a
vertical position while hiding the rest
of his body to keep his balance he has
to lean to the side while keeping his
shoulders straight that's why this trick
works only if you look at the
illusionist from the front doesn't seem
too hard but what an impression it
creates pulling scarf through neck
the scarf is tied around the magician's
neck the magician pulls it away with
force the scarf rests in the magician's
hands creating the effect of being
pulled right through the neck how it's
done here's another trick that's pretty
easy to recreate at home all you need is
a long scarf or a rope tie the scarf
following the instructions on the photo
above you need to create two loose loops
and pull one through the other this knot
deceives the spectator and creates the
illusion of a tightly tied scarf around
your neck
swiftly pull the scarf away and the
loops were released to create the effect
of the scarf passing right through your
neck the disappearing coin I bet I can
make any coin disappear right through
the table and I bet I'll win this bet
are you a gambler well how about we put
our money where our mouth is
check it out place the coin on the table
or some other flat surface and cover it
with your hand of course you can really
captivate your audience by pretending to
be super concentrated because you know
it's not easy to put a hole through the
table as you quickly grab the coin off
the table to get ready to magically send
it through the surface you actually just
slide it right off the edge toward you
so when you slam the coin through the
table there actually isn't even a coin
in your hand but a coin has fallen on
the ground your audience will assume it
went right through but it's best if you
do this trick in a noisy room or one
with carpeted floors this way no one
will hear when the coin hits the ground
walking on water at first glance this
trick seems impossible to explain come
on it's water after all how can someone
nonchalantly take a stroll on its
surface do these special shoes maybe
some invisible ropes in fact this trick
isn't even that difficult admittedly you
won't understand its inner workings
unless you know what to look for these
magicians use industrial grade
plexiglass platforms standing on long
legs made from the same clear material
clever
really placed under the water this
pathway looks completely invisible if
you're looking at it from the right
angle it's impossible to detect even
with a camera yet the magician can see
well enough where exactly he needs to
step in order to pull off this
miraculous done if you've ever seen such
a trick performed in a swimming pool
I'll bet you're thinking surely people
standing nearby would be able to see the
glass platform's well of course they
can't they're probably all actors
pretending not to see the glass at all
whoever said magicians can't play dirty
surviving the cut the magician cuts the
arm with a hunting knife plunging a
blade through the skin and muscles the
trick looks really cool and dangerous
however at the end of the trick the
magician's arm is safe and sound and has
no cuts how it's done the secret of this
trick is the knife it has a sliding
blade with a semicircular notch in it
when the knotch surrounds the arm it
creates the effect of the blade being
pulled right through the muscles Michael
Jackson's antigravity lean remember that
gravity-defying lean which Michael
Jackson and his dancers performed in the
video for the song smooth criminal' it
looked incredible as Michael kept his
entire body straight while bending his
ankles at an acute 45-degree angle
the secret here is the specially
designed shoes he used which had a heel
that locked in two pegs on the floor
with his feet hook to the ground Michael
was able to perform that impossible
physical maneuver imagine a magician's
performance numerous lights are lighting
up the stage and the only thing there is
is a wall that looks and feels very
realistic a magician approaches the wall
from one side and the assistants hide
him with special screens on wheels the
exact same construction is put on
another side of the wall a few seconds
later the magician appears on the
opposite side of the wall a huge round
of applause as the spectators are
shocked and thrilled and although it may
seem like Hogwarts magic the performance
is quite easy there's a special v-shaped
tunnel going under the wall that's why
the spectators who study the wall and
how solid it is don't find anything the
wall is completely ok it's the floor
that's not the magician needs just a
fraction of a second to go through the
small tunnel going under the wall and
stand on the other side of it and there
you go way to leave the audience Beach
lists stab a potato with a straw now
this trick is another one that's great
for making a bet I bet I can stab a
potato with just a plain old drinking
straw Wow you won't believe me when I
say it's possible and you'll lose the
bet it turns out that it's a super easy
trick you just cover one end of the
plastic straw with your finger to stop
the air from escaping because it stays
there the straw becomes unbendable there
you go you want a bet hopefully a
hundred bucks by stabbing a potato with
a drinking straw all thanks to the help
of physics
a card through the arm oh this looks
pretty cool doesn't it well you'll be
happy to know that you can easily learn
how to perform this trick yourself in
fact with most magic tricks it's no more
than an illusion that requires some good
acting skills here's what you got to do
find a pair of scissors and cut out part
of a playing card in the shape of your
arm then place the card on your arm so
it stays firmly in place
voila Apple surgery I really wanted to
give you this Apple but it looks so good
I just couldn't help myself
and took a bite but don't worry I can
heal it by rubbing it for just a few
seconds are you surprised
well you can also be an apple surgeon
you'll just need another Apple to take a
sliver off with no peel when you stick
it to your other Apple it will look like
you just treated yourself to a big
healthy bite out of it pretend to be
chewing to make it all the more real now
turn the Apple around and as you rub it
just remove the patch sawing a person in
half
[Music]
we've all seen that trick right we
usually watch it with bated breath while
the magician is sawing a woman in half
well it's a lot less shocking when you
know that there are two assistants
inside the magician's box no magic alas
[Music]
changing directions you can challenge
your audience with this trick give them
a glass and a piece of paper with an
arrow drawn on it
now ask them to change the arrows
direction using the glass they'll
probably look through the glass at
different angles but it won't work all
you have to do is fill the glass with
water and there you go the arrow is now
pointing in the opposite direction
once again yay physics defying gravity
where will the ring go if we pull a
rubber band through it and hold it
diagonally down of course or will it
here's a gravity defying trick all you
have to do is hold the upper end of the
rubber band at one end and leave some
left on the other end of your palm when
you stretch it it seems like it's at its
maximum length when in fact it's not as
you pull it upwards and slowly release
the lower end from your palm it'll look
like the ring is destroying Newton's
good name when we think of magicians the
first name that comes to pretty much
everyone's mind is David Copperfield and
it's no surprise since he's one of the
best-known classic magicians ever a lot
of aspiring magicians are inspired by
him and his work so let's reveal the
secret behind one of his favorite tricks
the death saw magic act and yes it's
this famous trick where the magician
splits himself in half using a giant saw
blade that sounds brutal right in order
to perform the illusion Copperfield
actually used an assistant for the
latter part of his body
together they seem to be just a single
person the secret of this trick is in
the table beneath and the tiny gap
between the tables that the saw blade
can easily pass through Copperfield's
legs were bent into the table and the
assistants upper body was hidden in the
table below so they were both completely
safe while the audience was going crazy
truly legendary now some tricks work
simply thanks to the element of surprise
and turning water into ice as one of
them put a sponge on the bottom of a
plastic cup and add several ice cubes
there you're now ready to perform take a
pitcher full of water and pour some into
the cup an ounce in your best magician
voice that you'll now turn the water
into ice
now since the sponge needs time to
absorb the water buy yourself some time
by waving your hands and working your
magic then turn the cup over the ice
cubes will fall out and your audience's
jaws will drop box of chocolates life is
like a box of chocolates and it looks
like we've got an empty one no way let's
check it again we take off the lid and
it's now full and looking so delicious
magically appearing chocolate mmm sign
me up well what you're going to need for
this trick is two identical boxes of
chocolate a full one and an empty one
you should take the full tray of
chocolates out of its box and hide it
under the lid put the lid on the edge of
the table so you can pick it up easily
when you put it on the top of the empty
box it'll magically fill it with
chocolates always on the right page this
trick involves a playing card and a book
I'll start flicking through the book and
throw a six in it
well will you look at that it landed
exactly where Chapter six of the book
starts what in fact all you need for
this trick is an extra card which looks
exactly the same as your show card it
can be any number really
you just have to hide it in the book
beforehand and then find it there what a
coincidence
it's exactly on the right page
knife-throwing in one of the scariest
tricks
the magician throws knives at an
assistant who is tied to a big target
luckily the assistant is safe and sound
at the end of the trick how it's done
the magician never throws the knives but
only aims at a target and then hides the
knives in a secret pocket another
assistant hides behind the target and
holds a special device that shoots the
knives from the back of the target the
assistant releases the devices right at
the moment when the magician throws the
knife and it creates the illusion that
the throw knife gets stuck in the target
right beside the assistant making smoke
rise from your fingers all the magician
needs for this trick is a matchbox take
a matchbox and cut out one of its
striker sides separate the actual
flammable surface from the cardboard
lining fold the resulting strip in two
and light it up
let the strip burn then discard it and
collect the residue produced by the
burning this white phosphorus residue is
what you'll need to perform the trick
slowly rub it into your thumb and index
fingers now all you need to do is rub
your fingers together to make them smoke
[Music]
this trick is great for entertaining
guests at a party choose someone in the
room and announce to everyone that
you'll read this person's mind
ask them to mentally pick one thing in
the room after that you need to leave
the room and the person you picked has
to tell everyone else which object
they've chosen when you return you
select another audience member and tell
them to walk around the room and touch
random objects when they touch the right
one you stop them and announce that this
was the original item chosen
unfortunately this
based on the oldest trick in the book a
lie which of course would make it you
guessed it
bogus hocus pocus the thing is that the
audience member you pick when you come
back into the room is in fact your Maul
before the trick you agree that just
before coming up to the correct object
they'll touch something black that will
be your clue and that's why it's called
black magic smash a cup through the
table okay tricks look cool but a failed
trick looks hilarious unfortunately we
all love a trainwreck take a ball or
make one out of a crumpled up piece of
paper tell everyone that it'll go right
through the table cover it with a
plastic cup and another piece of paper
now smash it whoops it looks like
something went wrong the ball is still
there but the cup went right through the
table
so is it still a failure I mean
something disappeared just not the thing
I told you here's how you can do it cut
a square out of paper large enough to
just cover your cup when you wrap the
cup in the paper the sheet will form to
the shape of the cup as you lift the cup
to show the audience the ball is there
quickly drop the cup onto your lap whoa
you just smash the Cup so hard it
magically disappeared catching bullet
with teeth
the magician loads a rifle with
gunpowder in a bullet then the rifle is
given to the assistant who then shoots
at the magician standing within shooting
distance after the shot the amazed
audience can see the magician holding
the bullet with his teeth how it's done
the rifle use for this trick is not real
the shooting effect is just recreated
with the help of a special mechanism
hidden inside the gun when loading the
bullet into the barrel the magician uses
a special plunger with a tiny magnet at
the end the magnet attracts the bullet
and the magician hides it until the end
of the trick when the bullet appears
right between his teeth to create a more
dramatic effect there's sometimes a
sheet of glass placed between the
assistant and the magician at the moment
of shooting that glass is broken with
the help of a special mechanism and it
creates the illusion of a real shot
marking the bullet with some special
sign before loading the gun and
demonstrating the same marked bullet at
the end adds to the show and completely
baffles the audience bending a spoon
[Music]
to successfully perform this trick you
first need to hide a small silver coin
in the palm of your hand when you're
ready to bend the spoon hold the coin in
such a way that only the tip of it is
visible place the coin on top of the
spoons handle so that it will look as
though you are simply holding the spoon
press the oval end of the spoon against
the table and try to make an impression
of putting a lot of effort into bending
the spoon as you're doing this let the
handle drop from the back of your hand
as the tip of the coin will still be
showing it will look like the spoon is
starting to bend
this one is not for the squeamish or
perhaps it is now picture this you've
got a long construction nail piercing
completely through your finger and
there's blood all around the wound
if your friends are panicking and about
to call the ambulance congratulations
you've performed this trick perfectly
yes you nailed it
so here's how you do it take a long
thick nail and cut it in half
glue one half to one side of your finger
and the other half to the other side
this will give the illusion that it's
punctured your finger all the way
through add some red paint or fake blood
and you've got yourself an extremely
lifelike and terrifying sight the rest
of course depends on your acting skills
hmm might also be a good way of getting
out of taking that test at school huh
losing your finger this trick is as old
as time but it still gets the same
reaction as when it was first invented
it works especially well with kids and
other easily impressionable audiences
you've got five fingers and then whoosh
one of them just magically disappeared
now you'll have to live your life
without that precious finger man and
that one was your favorite yeah I'm just
playing with you
it's still right where it should be so
how do you make it temporarily vanish
super easy all you have to do is bend
your index finger and hide it behind
your middle finger practice makes
perfect with this finger losing track
plus it'll make your fingers more
flexible if your crowd gets a little too
worked up about it
you can play nice and show them all your
fingers are still there after another
swoosh the disappearance of the Orient
Express carriage
in one of his most fascinating tricks
David Copperfield makes a carriage of
the Orient Express disappear in front of
a crowd of spectators the carriage is
covered with cloth and lifted above the
ground when Copperfield pulls the cloth
away
there is no carriage underneath how it's
done one of the theories has it that
there is a special rigid frame like
construction built around the carriage
repeating its outlines after the
carriage is covered with a cloth that is
pulled away and the cloth rests around
the frame when the spectators see how
the carriage is lifted what they
actually see is a frame covered with a
cloth the purpose of powerful spotlights
isn't just to create a magical
atmosphere their main function is to
distract the spectators attention and to
keep them concentrated on the frame with
a cloth while the train carriage gets
pulled away
levitation the secret of this trick
which is highly popular among street
magicians is in the cleverly hidden
support that's why the magicians who
perform it stand in the way which
perfectly conceals the end of their
staff or rod the latter simply has an
extended support passing through their
clothes sometimes magicians even make
another person levitate at the start of
this trick the magician's assistant
usually a girl wearing a long dress lies
down on a table she makes sure that the
folds of her dress fall right down to
the floor concealing the space directly
beneath the table then the illusionist
proceeds to make her levitate above the
table for the trick to be successful the
audience must be made to believe that
the girl is being held in the air by
magic
in reality the effect is achieved due to
a lifting mechanism to add excitement
the illusionist takes a hoop and passes
it over the assistants body there's
nothing extraordinary about the hoop it
does
have gaps or anything the only
requirement is that the hoop must be
large enough to be repeatedly passed
over the girl without touching the
lifting mechanism throughout the
performance the magician must be careful
to stand in such a way as to conceal the
rod that is holding the assistant up
above the table this trick was made
famous by David Blaine a well-known
American street magician the illusionist
handed a cup of steaming hot coffee to a
man living on the street the latter was
all too happy to get a hot drink
Blaine waited until the man took a sip
and made sure the coffee was real then
the magician took the cup away and held
it in his hands as he started slightly
shaking the cup all the nearby witnesses
saw the coffee disappear and turned into
coins there's no need to say that the
homeless man was not only shocked by the
trick but also thankful for the
generosity now if you want to try this
one you're gonna need two disposable
coffee cups a sponge some scissors and a
handful of coins start by cutting one of
the coffee cups in half and set it aside
cut a small hole in the bottom of the
larger cup the hole should be just big
enough for your finger to fit through
put the sponge on the bottom of the
larger cup so that it covers the hole
now fill the smaller cup with coins and
put it into the larger one finally fill
it up to the top with coffee so that the
coins are well hidden when you're
performing this trick pretend to be
supporting the cup from below so that
you can slip your finger into the hole
start to slowly push the smaller cup up
this will force the copy to seep into
the gap between the two cups and the
sponge at the bottom of the larger cup
will absorb it while
your coffee has turned into coins Wow
if you did that using a latte with
chocolate
that would be hocus-pocus with mochas
bending a spoon how about if we kick it
old-school with this classic you're
about to learn how to bend a spoon and
they get it back into its original shape
in a matter of seconds here we go the
trick here is that you don't actually
bend the spoon that's because there is
no spoon just kidding there actually is
a spoon but if you got that reference
comment down below anyway you just have
to pretend that you're bending it cut
the handle of the spoon in your hands
but let the head of the spoon remain
visible tilt your hands forward while
letting the handle of the spoon secretly
slide down your palm to make it look
more believable use a silver coin to
imitate the end of the handle sticking
out of your cupped hands just hide it in
your fist till the right moment in the
end it'll look like the spoon is
actually bending right in front of your
audience's eyes then use your acting
skills again and pretend you're working
hard to unbend the spoon tada
cool huh catching a bullet with your
teeth this trick definitely isn't for
amateurs it takes a lot of practice to
nail it and several magicians have even
died trying to perform it correctly but
as soon as you grasp the concept
there's nothing simpler and safer the
trick goes like this the lovely
assistant shoots at the magician with a
loaded gun
the magician gets the crowd going and
pretends to be shot
he then magically spits the bullet out
of his mouth this all seems impressively
realistic again if you don't know the
secret but what happens is that while
the magician is loading the bullet into
the gun he uses a ramrod fixed with a
magnet on its tip so instead of pushing
the bullet inside he pulls it out and
hides it in his hand after that when
he's already in position his assistant
distracts the public for a bit this way
the magician can quickly put the bullet
in his mouth
all the risk comes down to good acting a
moving piece of cloth this trick
includes a piece of cloth that moves as
if there's a creature hiding underneath
it
the audience is expected to believe that
it's a ghost summoned by a magician
while he moves his hands above the cloth
how it's done
the magician uses a colorful kerchief
that hides a piece of thin wire in one
of its selvages one end of the wire is
bent a bit and by pressing it the
magician makes the wire rise that's how
the illusion of the moving cloth is
created and the colorful pattern of the
kerchief helps to distract the
audience's attention from the details
pulling a rabbit out of a hat to perform
this trick you'll need a rabbit a table
cloth covered table a piece of cloth and
a top hat take a square piece of thick
black cloth and tie all of its four
corners together loosely place a rabbit
inside this improvised sack hang the
sack on a hook located on the side of
the table that will be facing you during
the performance arrange the tablecloth
in such a way as to prevent the audience
from seeing the sack in the beginning
show the top hat to your audience to
demonstrate that there's nothing inside
next put the Hat on the table with the
Hat opening facing the table surface
using inconspicuous movements lift to
hide quickly by the brim and put the
sack underneath the hat now make some
movements showing that you're conjuring
something up
remove the hat from the table and reveal
the rabbit to the audience in season
eight of Britain's Got Talent the
audience was both shocked and amazed by
Canadian illusionist Darcy oak who
performs several magic tricks with doves
in one of them the magician makes a
pigeon appear from a bird feather but
how did he do it easy the feather that
Darcy showed the audience before
lighting it up
is actually a piece of special paper
known as flash paper it is commonly used
by magicians when they wish to create
large flashes of fire in order to hide
brisk moments of illusion from the
audience and that's exactly what Darcy
did using the fire he quickly got the
pigeon from a secret pocket in his
sleeve and that's how the magic of this
trick is born you can probably tell by
the name but this trick creates an
illusion that a magician swallows an
entire balloon although it's pretty
simple to perform if you've spent enough
time practicing the audience gets
shocked into silence the main secret the
illusionist hides is that there are
several tiny holes at one end of a long
balloon as soon as the performer puts
the other end in their mouth they press
it with their tongue to make the balloon
deflate the only tricky thing here is to
be fast enough so that the balloon
doesn't deflate too soon that would be
pretty embarrassing for the magician
right yes that would be a tough one to
swallow I'm sorry I just can't help
myself turning water into ice how can
you turn water into ice without using a
freezer well you can't
no no it's easy peasy lemon squeezy as
long as you have a glass and a paper cup
water pours out of the glass and comes
back from the paper cup as eyes well the
secret weapon of this magic trick is a
sponge you put it in the paper cup along
with some ice cubes and it has to be a
paper or plastic cup not a clear one
like the glass your audience obviously
shouldn't see that sponge sitting at the
bottom of the cup
then your ruse will be exposed and you
don't want to expose your ruse to just
anyone the sponge will absorb all the
water so once you turn over the cup only
the ice will come out boom you're now a
wizard
[Music]
now most of you have probably seen
street performers who seem to be
magically floating in the air while
seated okay
maybe not magically but still it looks
awesome and really makes you wonder how
the performers managed to do this if
you're one of these curious onlookers
get ready for the big secret to be
unveiled it's incredibly simple it
doesn't require any effort on the
performers part on the ground beneath
them you might not have noticed there's
always a rug or a piece of carpet well
that's actually hiding a metal platform
with a steel rod sticking up from one of
its corners that rod then connects with
another metal plate that the performer
sits on all this framework is well
hidden under the illusionist baggy
clothes so don't worry these guys feel
pretty relaxed and comfortable out there
the only real magic here is sitting
still for so long count me out
I get antsy just waiting for my hot
pocket in the microwave needle through
the balloon a knitting needle is pushed
through a balloon without popping it in
fact this trick is quite easy to perform
and you can give it a try at home how
it's done thoroughly cover the needle in
oil the places where you Pierce the
balloon are crucial push the needle
through the strong points of the balloon
where the layer of latex is thicker
these areas are at the top and at the
neck of the balloon make sure you push
the needle through these two points and
the balloon will not pop you can use a
knitting needle a long needle with
thread or even a pencil for this trick
the torn bank note some time ago people
wondered how David Copperfield managed
to seemingly Terra folded dollar in half
right in front of people then he managed
to unfold it to reveal that it had been
completely undamaged
[Music]
the secret here is making cunning use of
a pencil the latter has been cut in half
diagonally and connected with strong
magnets this allows the banknote to be
easily passed between the two magnetized
halves and remain undamaged have you
ever heard about this secret before this
next trick is very popular among both
professional magicians and complete
beginners plus it's one of the easiest
tricks to do as well we're talking about
the card trick where the illusionist
asked a spectator to randomly choose any
card from the deck and place it back
then the magician makes some magical
moves and the spectators card is popped
out up from the deck so what is the
secret to this illusion it's pretty
simple actually when placing the card
back in the deck
the magician puts it in front of a card
with a special mechanism a small pad
that sticked to the card and moves it
upwards this creates the illusion of it
popping out of the deck so just practice
a little bit and you'll be ready to all
your friends with this one number seven
a card on a can here's another card
trick for you to master and now it's
know pick a card one have you ever seen
an illusionist taking a card and somehow
making a can stand on top of it seems
impossible to do right not at all in
fact any beginner can easily pull this
off if you take a closer look from
another perspective you will see that
the card a magician uses is actually
t-shaped you can easily make this card
at home by taking two ordinary cards and
sticking them together in such a way
that they create a t-shape this way it's
no big deal to make a can or bottle
stand up on top of the card but the
audience who doesn't know your little
secret will definitely be impressed in
this awesome trick the performer takes a
glass and fills it with water after that
they cover the glass with a piece of
ordinary cardboard and turn it upside
down while some of the water spills out
of that
the cardboard does an overall good job
at keeping the water from escaping
thanks to the vacuum created inside but
then the magician takes the cardboard
away and that's where the magic part
comes in the water stays inside the
glass and that's because the glass the
illusionist uses has been let's say
altered this glass has a tiny hole
drilled in its side just near the bottom
a casual onlooker wouldn't even notice
this hole
the second secret is a transparent
plastic lid that stuck to the cardboard
when the magician puts the cardboard in
place he simultaneously covers the glass
with this invisible lid it stays this
way as long as the magician keeps his
finger over the hole but as soon as he
releases his hole the water comes
rushing down blew the lid off of that
now didn't way a magician holds some
plastic bottle or any other container in
his hand he shows everyone that it's an
ordinary empty bottle and gives it to
someone to prove it then the magician
asks for someone's phone one two three
and voila
the phone has magically passed through
the wall of the bottle and ends up
inside of it how does it even work well
there are several ways of doing the
trick we're going to explain the most
popular one which is all about the magic
equipment the magician wears a special
finger stall with a small but sharp
blade after showing the audience that
the bottle is whole he secretly cuts a
line in it that's big enough to push the
phone through no magic is necessary here
really just sleight of hand
ooh if you master this trick your
audience will be thoroughly impressed
after all it's not everyday they see a
foam cup floating in the air right
before their eyes all you need is a foam
Cup with a hole in one of its sides when
you show the cup to your audience make
sure they don't notice the hole then
move a few steps away from the onlookers
and discreetly push your thumb into the
hole start moving your fingers all
around abracadabra like right away
this way you'll do
tract people's attention from your thumb
that's disappeared
who knows where besides this will add
some showmanship to your performance
Wingardium Leviosa the signed card I'm
sure you've seen this one in movies or
from street magicians you asked someone
to pick a card and sign it then you
threw all the cards into a plastic bag
with your amazing mind powers you reach
into the bag and pull out that very card
and the bag of course is perfectly
normal and intact no funny business here
sounds like some serious magic doesn't
it well let's see how you can do it this
one is actually pretty easy when you ask
someone to take and sign a card cut the
pack of cards leaving a break now
distract the audience by asking them
something like would you tell me what
the card is naturally they won't because
there's no magic in that but the
distraction will give you a chance to
separate the card from the deck then let
the person who pick the card hold the
bag in front of you lick the back of the
car that you've removed from the deck
and stick it to the plastic bag when
it's time to take it out just remove the
card a spike through the stomach how
this trick is pretty blood-chilling if
you've ever seen it perform and if you
haven't just imagine someone being
stabbed through their stomach with a
long pointy metal spike sounds pretty
gruesome right
however with everything on this list
what's going on isn't nearly as shocking
as it seems the thing is that the spike
going through the body of the magician's
assistant is retractable as soon as it
comes into contact with a surface it
folds into itself plus the spike isn't
even made of metal it's rubber which
makes it that much safer now hold on I
know what you're thinking but what about
the sharp tip of the spike poking out
the other side of the assistant this can
also be easily explained the magician
attaches this magnetic tip to the
assistants costume at
right moment so no magic in this trick
either sorry cut and restore the
magician cuts the rope in two then folds
the halves in one hand makes uh
mysterious movements of the other hand
and then shows us an intact rope with no
cuts how it's done here is one more
trick that you can try to perform
yourself the point is that what the
magician cuts is not actually the
original rope but a small piece of
identical rope that is folded in the
same hand that holds the rope the
magician hides the cut piece and shows
us the original intact rope a zigzag
lady this incredible trick makes use of
several 14 inches high boxes and an 8
inches high mobile platform as the
female assistant enters the bottom box
she stands on top of a concealed spring
operated hatch the hatch opens down into
an empty compartment locked inside the
mobile platform as the illusionist shuts
all of the boxes openings the girl slips
down through the hatch and sits
cross-legged inside the platform's inner
compartment
each of the upper three boxes features
two openings one real and one false when
the boxes are stacked on top of each
other
the real openings form a human-sized
door used by the assistant to enter the
structure on the other hand the false
openings are designed to reveal niches
only about two inches deep located
inside each of those niches are
mannequin parts which correspond to
various parts of the real girl's torso
and sport the segments of the same
outfit the real assistant is wearing as
the performance commences the
illusionist takes down each of the upper
three boxes in turn and shuffles them
around this is done to confuse the
audience when the illusionist finally
proceeds to open the boxes the audience
sees a mix up version of the assistants
torso of course we're talking about
small mannequin parts located inside
false openings the famous magician
dynamo performed this trick in front of
people on the streets leaving the
audience in shock
he took an iPhone from one of the
spectators and magically rotated its
Center leaving it in a half screen half
backstage I bet the phone's owner was
incredibly relieved when he changed the
phone back to normal but seriously how
is that possible quite simple actually
the magician prepared a half back cover
of an iPhone and quickly put it over the
screen while performing the trick when
dynamo showed his audience the iPhone he
showed it from the back then covering
the device with both hands he rotates it
entirely showing the screen side with a
half back cover over it from the side it
looks like the phone was twisted but we
assure you that no iPhone was harmed
that day and there you have it a trick
that will definitely make your
spectators both nervous and stunned if
the person performing this trick has
rehearsed it well you'll be 100%
convinced that they're levitating and
with a little practice you can fly just
as easily as they do
now the main secret to this trick is
assuming the correct position stand in
the furthest corner of the room so that
your diagonal to the audience they
should mostly see your back and your
heel that's closest to them lift your
heels slowly and unsteadily pretend to
be wavering as if you're floating then
just as gradually lift the foot closest
to the onlookers off the floor you
really do have to practice this one a
lot to make a believable your foot
that's in the air needs to completely
block the toes of your other foot since
you'll be standing on them make sure you
have excellent balance two vanishing
crayons this one requires a bit of
preparation but it's totally worth it I
mean who doesn't love disappearing
tricks start by showing your audience
that you have a perfectly full box of
crayons and tell them in your best
magician voice that they're all about to
vanish you wave your hand over the box
and voila it's empty with your amazing
sorcery you turn the box upside down and
the crayons are all back all of the
minds in the room have officially been
blown so how do you do it well it takes
an 8 pack of crayons and some tape or
glue cut the crayons in half and set
aside the buts yeah let me set aside my
but here anyway you won't need them for
this trick tape or glue the top portions
together in a line while you're showing
the box to your audience be sure to
squeeze it with your fingers to hold the
crayons up so that the tops are visible
and the box looks full the second you
let go of the crayons they'll fall to
the bottom and the box will look empty
when you flip it upside down squeeze it
again and the crayons will magically
appear at the top sewing some one in
half besides pulling a rabbit out of a
hat this trick is a classic and when you
see it it looks horrifying especially if
the performer or their assistant is a
good actor
blood-curdling screams arms and legs
flailing all over the place who wouldn't
be impressed by this spectacle but if
you knew what was really happening well
this show would definitely lose its
allure now let's break it down surely
you don't think there's just one body
involved here no no there are actually
two assistants in the box and the real
trick is to make those people as compact
as possible one way they do it is to
have the assistants lie on their backs
and pull their knees as close as they
can to their chests or one of the
assistants hides in the special
compartment under the box holding the
other one they can also slide their legs
down into special compartments that look
like the tables legs the trick is pretty
simple and mostly depends on the ability
of the participants to stay still again
now my strong suit
plus the audience is usually too
distracted looking at that huge saw to
notice any strange constructions such as
a table or a box hmm
I'm seeing a pattern here with the whole
distract the audience thing solving a
mathematical problem with a piece of
magic chalk at the beginning of this
trick spectator see two small
chalkboards the magician writes a
mathematical problem on one of the
boards the solution space is left blank
then the two boards are placed face to
face with a piece of chalk between them
the magician shakes the boards then
opens the boards and the spectators see
the solution of the problem written on
the board right where it is supposed to
be how it's done one of the boards has a
secret panel that fits right within the
frame of the board and has a
mathematical problem and the solution
written on it it is placed facedown
within the frame so that the numbers
cannot be seen when the magician shakes
the boards and then opens them what the
spectator see is this secret panel that
falls face-up on to the neighboring
chalkboard
the disappearing cup
[Music]
a glass of water is placed on the table
which is covered with a handkerchief
then the magician lifts it up and throws
it into the air as a result the
handkerchief falls in the floor and the
glass disappears the trick here is
twofold firstly there's a wider ring
sewn into the handkerchief which creates
the illusion that the glass is
underneath the handkerchief secondly the
glass is then lowered into a secret
pouch through a hole in the table
[Music]
another talented magician from Britain's
Got Talent
Jamie Raven in his final magic trick got
a signed note by Alicia one of the
judges out from a lemon that was kept
intact in front of her since the start
of the show now that's some real magic
right there I mean how could he possibly
do that again all you have to do is
follow the steps closely when Alicia's
signed the note Jamie folded it and
showed the audience while he was folding
the note he had a palmed piece of paper
in his hands that he incidentally
switched to now with the signed note
still in his hand he took a bag from
Alicia and with the note in his hand
reached into the bag stuffed the lemon
and took it out showing the audience
only one side of it when Alicia took out
the note he very quickly closed it and
put it away because there was actually a
hole in the bottom of the lemon where he
stuffed the note inside you can actually
find a video of this amazing performance
on YouTube if you want to take a closer
look even though he made it seem
effortless you'll need a lot of practice
to do this one still the look of
astonishment in everybody's eyes
definitely is worth it imagine you're
walking down the street and you notice
someone whose torso is literally
transparent basically you can look right
through them and see what's happening
behind their back
how on earth is that possible again no
magic involved here just some
preparation to prepare this trick you'll
need to involve some gadgets the fact is
that this trick can surprise